+++
title = "the doomed nature of napping"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2025-01-04"
date = "2025-01-04"
description = "january 4th 2025's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++

isn't it a fucked thing,\
to bear the consequences of a nap\
so far after the initial mistake?

let's lay down some ground facts here.\
the initial mistake is definitely reaching a point\
where you feel a nap is necessary. this could be\
staying up too late, or eating too much food.\
usually something excessive in some form has occurred\
to feel as though you should humor a nap.

but here's the thing:\
let's say you stay up too late.\
okay, sure. but you're a responsible adult.\
you'll wake up when you need to go to work.

okay, now you've gone to work and the day is over.\
now you're back home. but you're absolutely spent.\
so what are you gonna do? you're gonna take a nap.

now you wake up like an hour or so later. and you are,\
unsurprisingly, less tired. so much less tired, in fact,\
that you're now going to involuntarily stay awake to the same time\
you fell asleep yesterday, which was *too late*, forcing you\
into the same exact shit sleep debt that landed you in this nap\
in the first place. what a fucked thing, this is. truly, deeply fucked.

if it were up to me, we should be able to pay someone money to get more sleep for us.\
i love sleep as much as the next guy, it's really the best, but it's only the best\
because of how much shit i don't enjoy doing that i would rather be sleeping than doing.\
if it were only shit that i wanted to do, of course i wouldn't wanna sleep. that's why\
i fucking stay up in the first place. it's just so cringe that naps are like, a doomed thing.\
like why can there not just be a thing that we can enjoy in this world that's simple and nice.

anyway.

thanks for reading today's post.\
yeah, i napped today. don't talk to me.