+++
title = "my current favorite hoodie"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2025-01-06"
date = "2025-01-06"
description = "january 6th 2025's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++

i'm a big hoodie enjoyer.\
i have a huge collection in my closet,\
and it is my preferred top layer.

the usual issues i have with finding "good hoodies"\
are that they need to meet certain criteria, namely:
- a boxy silhouette (my chest is wide)
- slightly cropped, but not too cropped (my torso is short)
- arms that are nice and baggy but NOT too long (something that has a cuff that sits halfway on your hand is super ideal for the cozy vibe)
- a nice, structured hood that is big enough for my big ass head
- a heavy enough weight to conquer any morning when i feel like absolute garbage about the way i look
- a big enough kangaroo pouch/pockets to rest my hands in comfortably

for a while, i was rocking Abercrombie's relaxed popover hoodies.\
they're okay. they're very soft, and they have a good shape and silhouette,\
but they're just a little too light for my liking, which i especially noticed\
in these colder Illinois months.

then, i found the perfect hoodie for me:\
[the Velour Garments 1000GSM hoodie.](https://velourgarments.eu/products/1000-gsm-jet-black-double-hoodie)

velour garments is a Spain-based blanks manufacturer\
that makes hoodies in multiple garment weights, including their double-layered,\
super heavy 1000GSM line of hoodies. this thing feels like a fucking dream\
to wear. the hem around the waist isn't too tight that it rides up your body,\
the sleeves are nice and baggy but the cuff is tight enough to sit on your hand,\
the weight of the hoodie INSANELY heavy just the way i like, the kangaroo pouch\
is like having on-hand access to handwarmers at any time, and the hood is plush\
but big enough for my head. it literally meets all my criteria. just.. it's expensive.

i'm sure many people would have problems paying as much as is listed on their site\
for a hoodie. but as someone who rocks this shit literally all the time,\
i am willing to pay money for the best in class.

i recommend them if you're looking for a heavyweight hoodie.

thanks for reading today's post.\
the search is finally over...