+++
title = "bacon review"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2026-01-10"
date = "2026-01-10"
description = "january 10th 2026's post"
tags = [
"thoughts",
]
+++

i have spent the days since the new year trying out\
different store-bought bacon brands to see what's best.\
here are my results from worst to best.\

as a preface, i only buy thick-cut bacon.

4. Oscar Mayer Naturally Hardwood Smoked Thick-Cut Bacon 3.5/5
    * it's salty and crisps fine. it's classic, but ultimately it's surprisingly small.
3. Wright Hickory Smoked Thick-Cut Bacon 4/5
    * Wright comes highly recommended by store-bought bacon reviews, but the hickory flavor falls short for me. it's certainly a more substantial piece of bacon in terms of thickness and meat-to-fat content compared to oscar mayer.
2. Smithfield Hometown Original Thick-Cut Bacon 4/5
    * While this one may come as a surprise to people familiar with store-bought bacon, and especially considering the unscrupulous business practices that Smithfield is known for, it was, unfortunately, delicious. It's salt incarnate.
1. Wright Applewood Smoked Thick-Cut Bacon 5/5
    * the most wholesome bacon experience. a good ratio of meat to fat. delicious flavor as a result of the applewood smoking. crisps well while leaving a nice chew, which is impossible for a lesser bacon like Smithfield, which abandons all idea of chew for full-on explosive levels of crunch. and seriously, seriously thick strips. just the best bacon.

my highest commendation goes to wright applewood smoked thick-cut bacon.\
please try some when you feel like you're in the mood for bacon.

thanks for reading today's post.\
christopher p. bacon is a funny name.
