+++
title = "party finder's newest obsession"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2026-01-13"
date = "2026-01-13"
description = "january 13th 2026's post"
tags = [
"thoughts",
]
+++

party finder in ffxiv is in an uproar over the state of\
prog and clear parties for the recent savage release.

"everyone is prog lying. there are tomestone checks everywhere.\
it's not fun anymore. parties aren't filling. it's exhausting."

my approach to party finder is as follows:
- the opportunity of suffering is only born when you expect something more than what occurs in reality.
- by understanding that whatever will occur in the party will occur and nothing more than that is destined, i believe you can alleviate the stress of the randomness of the parties.
- people will be bad or good. it can be fun to comment on this, but allowing it to consume yourself will end in suffering.
- for the most part, your success is only a matter of time given enough attempts.

detaching yourself from the goal-orientation of "did we clear or not" is the fastest way, i believe, to get "more" value out of your party finder experience. as long as you did your best, it's okay. and i'm sure there's something you can learn out of every instance. 

it's a shame, because given that it's the only system besides making your own static that we have for tackling hard content, it almost feels like it should be our duty to make it as hospitable of a place as possible. instead we get people who tomestone check and people who have prejudice against one another.

but whatever. tragedy of the commons and all that.

thanks for reading today's post.\
it's still mostly shit all the way down.