+++
title = "my friends are getting kicked out of their apartment"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2026-02-15"
date = "2026-02-15"
description = "february 15th 2026's post"
tags = [
"thoughts",
]
+++

for reference, i live at home with my parents.

a couple of my friends (they're a couple) told me over the weekend that they're\
getting kicked out of their apartment by their landlord, who also happens to be\
one of their grandmothers.

on one hand, i feel bad because they've gotta pick up their stuff and find a new\
place. just after they really felt like they were settling in for at least half\
a decade to be planted in that spot. they had been there for about 2 years already.

but on the other hand, i have a few personal problems with where they were located.\
namely, these two friends take it on themselves to be regular event-hosters for our\
friend group, and this means driving in to chicago from where i'm at, which is\
the suburbs. for the unfamiliar, this is regularly an hour long drive in\
(but, thankfully, only a 40-ish minute drive out).

so i'm looking forward to whether or not they'll move somewhere more accessible.\
also, the parking at their apartment sucks ass. it is regularly the worst part of\
hanging out with them is figuring out street parking in chicago.

the point is, isn't it interesting how for these two, who are going through\
what should be called a big disturbance in their life cycles,\
i'm over here considering how i might benefit from the situation?

it's quite silly.

thanks for reading today's post.\
fingers crossed!