---
title: mashing
type: blog
date: 2024-06-21
description: hopefully today's post
tags: [
    "mashing",
    "chatGPT",
    "fgc",
    "habits",
]
---

if you're unfamiliar with what "mashing" is, i'll try to explain.

"mashing" is when there is a way to reach a logical, correct solution, but instead of doing that, you try a thing that probably isn't going to work and is mostly a guess until you either give up or it miraculously works.

in the context of fighting games, when you get knocked down to the ground, you have to respond to a multitude of possible attacks from the opponent: overhead? low? grab? shimmy? they're all, in your mashing mindset, equally likely.

so, as a hail mary and not wanting to waste any brain power thinking about the most likely decision, [you input DP](https://glossary.infil.net/?t=Dragon%20Punch) and get blocked.

*but imagine if it had worked?*

mashing doesn't only apply to fighting games.

if you're trying to log into a website you rarely use with a password you barely remember but pridefully think, "i think i know the password...", only to try and fail several times?

**this is "mashing."**

the high that you get from when mashing works is incredible. i think this is why people continue to mash. 

we're all a little motivated by beating the odds and gambling, even if we don't want to admit it.

today, i mashed in a few different ways: 
* i was mashing a gstreamer plugin writing process using [chatGPT](https://chat.openai.com), knowing **damn well** that chatGPT usually can't make raw code out of thin air that actually works for something as complex as i was asking it to do, 
* and i was mashing solutions on how to get the header on the 'today' page to properly display the title and the date by modifying stuff in places that *seemed* like they made sense, instead of stopping to think about what i was doing and make a plan.
    * i ended up fixing it by making the plan instead of mashing, unsurprisingly.

mashing is a dangerous habit. it's easy to get into, and it's hard to get out of.

if you find yourself mashing in your day-to-day life, stop to consider: "is this really the best way to go about this?"

for tasks like my gstreamer plugin, this might not work, because the mental overhead of learning how to do it yourself is tougher than continuing to mash.

but for tasks like a forgotten password? maybe instead of spending 10 minutes guessing, you can spend 3 minutes just **resetting it**.

this post is not to demonize mashing. [it's a valid, if not crude, solution-finding method.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_3z9ASK6F0)

but sometimes, as a wise man once said:

> "This isn't the time to use that!\
> *-Professor Oak*

thank you for reading today's post. let's all try to balance mashing and not-mashing more often. i look forward to seeing the results.