+++
title = "priorities or otherwise"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-07-03"
date = "2024-07-03"
description = "july 3rd 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++
when i have problems justifying my current choices,\
i remember words a wise man once told me: 

> There's no such thing as "not having the time."\
> There are only priorities, and where they are placed.\
> -S.S., 2024

although the quote is likely stolen from a source of his own,\
the moments i spend pondering this idea are comforting.

indeed, his point is that when we tell ourselves we'd like to do something,\
but claim we are unable to due to lack of time or other resources,\
we're simply constructing a comfortable lie for ourselves.

and it's a lie that doesn't help anyone in the long term, really.

instead, more honest and better the outcome to embrace the truth:

your priorities are simply allocated in certain places.\
the aforementioned area just appears to not be one of them.

i've heard before that lies are that which slowly tear apart your soul.\
in that sense, "living a lie" can be considered "not living at all."

and so, i believe we should strive for honesty.

give yourself the grace to admit your priorities are elsewhere.\
don't beat yourself up for not doing what you feel as though you should be.

what matters is that you give your best to whatever it is you are doing.

because after all, we can have anything we want..\
but we can't have everything.

thanks for reading today's post.\
but maybe i'm just justifying my lack of productivity.. ♪～(￣、￣ )
