+++
title = "salmon and rice (and eggs)"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-07-17"
date = "2024-07-17"
description = "july 17th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "food",
]
+++
a classic dish i had when i was in college was salmon and rice.\
today, i'll be sharing with you the recipe, that you may also enjoy it.

you will need the following:
- Salmon (i got mine from Costco)
- White rice
- Knorr Tamarind Soup Mix or Sinigang na Sampalok Mix
- Olive oil
- Salt
- Pepper
- Two eggs (optional)
- Unsalted butter (optional)
- Cream cheese (optional)

begin with as many pieces of salmon as you like. i usually prepared two at a time, one for now, and one for later.

1. line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, and then place the salmon in.
2. season the top of the salmon with your knorr tamarind soup mix until it is nicely coated. for reference, you should still be able to see the salmon skin underneath, but a majority of it should be covered.
3. finish seasoning with as much salt and pepper as you like. i like to add enough pepper to make out visually and not too much salt.
4. drizzle olive oil across the salmon pieces.
5. flip it over and repeat steps 2, 3, and 4.
6. insert the baking sheet into the oven at 400 degrees for 20 minutes.
7. check in on the salmon every ten minutes to make sure i didn't just give you a recipe to burn down your house.\
it may actually be 21, or 22, or so minutes. or it might even be 16, or 17, or 18 minutes.\
you're looking to see that the tamarind seasoning that was on top has taken on a burnt color,\
and that the salmon has darkened, but not too much.\
if you're *smelling* burnt, it's probably gone too long.\
it should still look moist from all the olive oil.\
you definitely don't want dried out salmon.
8. take it out of the oven, let it cool for a few minutes, and enjoy with white rice made in a rice cooker (or on the stovetop, if you're one of those people.)

if you're interested in balancing out the sourness of the tamarind flavor, try adding [scrambled eggs a la Gordon Ramsay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU_B3QNu_Ks)! it's a great way to add a nice calmness to the dish while complementing the meatiness of the fish. i almost always add a serving of two scrambled eggs cooked this way to it, and i love it every single time.\
absolutely decadent.

thank you for reading today's post.\
eggs and salmon.. what a beautiful thing..