+++
title = "cloud strife"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-07-31"
date = "2024-07-31"
description = "july 31st 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++
cloud strife is so cool.

i've been continuing my playthrough of ff7 remake recently because there's a final fantasy 7 rebirth concert happening in Chicago that i'm scheduled to go to, and considering i haven't.. played through ff7 rebirth yet.. i figured it was time to get my ass in gear. the concert is in three weeks, and i was about halfway through remake at the time of realizing i needed to get my act together.

honestly thinking back on remake i was apprehensive to play it. why? i had just gotten to the section where you go from being with tifa and barret to the part where cloud meets aerith in the church and i was like "aw man, the combat is gonna slow down so much now." so i was like ehh, i don't really wanna play this right now, or i didn't have the mental stamina to keep going at the time (back in may/june).

but now that i'm back to playing the game, i can't believe i stopped. remake is so cinematic in the combat and cutscenes, there's amazing songs all throughout which i have no idea HOW they've managed to cram so many good ones in for even inconsequential moments, and most importantly, cloud strife is a teenage boy's role model. he broods. he's aloof. he's got a side to him that nobody else knows. and he gets the job done.

granted i'm not a teenage boy playing this game, but he hearkens to that part of me anyway. cloud strife is just.. so cool.

thanks for reading today's post.\
you should try ff7 remake! i recommend ff7 original first, though.