+++
title = "running it down mid"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-08-20"
date = "2024-08-20"
description = "august 20th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
    "gaming",
]
+++

if you've ever been in a situation where the goal is clear,\
and you know with certainty what you must do to succeed,\
yet you still choose to do something that's not only\
NOT what you're supposed to do, but even the exact OPPOSITE\
of what you're supposed to be doing,\
you have "ran it down."

running it down mid is a term that comes from MOBAs\
like League of Legends and Dota 2, where there's\
three positions in the game: top, middle, and bottom.

there's two players on top, two players on bottom,\
and a lone player in the middle.

each team has a base, and each base is heavily defended by towers\
and the core of the base itself is an all-powerful turret\
that kills enemies quickly so as to discourage spawncamping.\
that is to say, take too many steps too close to the base, and you're dead.

the enemy bases are at opposite corners of a square from one another:\
the fastest way to reach the enemy base is to go through\
*the middle lane*.

therefore the definition of running it down mid:\
trying to kill yourself as fast as humanly possible\
because you have given up on the outcome of the game.

running it down mid is synonymous with trolling.\
if you're running it down mid, i immediately understand\
that you don't give a shit about what's happening\
you don't give a shit about your teammates' experience,\
and you DEFINITELY don't give a shit about winning.

although running it down mid started as a moba term,\
it extends to real life as simply "running it down",\
or having "ran it down".

for example, opening a credit card and maxing it out\
within the first day with no intention of paying it on time\
is 100% considered running it down.

as another example, opting to eat ice cream and milk lattes\
despite being lactose intolerant can also be running it down.

honestly i kind of respect people who run it down.\
because it takes knowing the rules of the game\
to know how to do something that wrongly.

thanks for reading today's post.\
i.. don't recommend running it down.