+++
title = "logic's new album"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-08-28"
date = "2024-08-28"
description = "august 28th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
    "music",
]
+++

when i was in high school, i used to listen to [Logic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_(rapper)).\
(and also for a bit in college)

my two favorite albums of his were *Under Pressure* and *The Incredible True Story*,\
his freshman and sophomore albums that hearken me back to the days\
of driving my friends to off-campus lunch in high school, bumping ["Stainless"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTkC2r4YOXM) in the car.

after he released the *Everybody* album to divisive reviews,\
he underwent an extremely corny arc where all his music just... wasn't hitting the same.\
some people think he started talking too much about the same shit,\
and other people started thinking he was largely carried by his producer, 6ix.\
(myself kinda included)

YSIV came out in 2018, and it had fun instrumentals,\
but it seems a lot of people didn't like the lyricism\
he put out on this track, feeling like he milked the "Young Sinatra"\
moniker for a few more clicks one last time.

in 2023, the *College Park* album came out, following a young Logic\
and his ensemble, the Ratt Pack, as they get ready to go perform\
at a show in Logic's stomping grounds of College Park, Maryland.

i liked the sounds off this album a lot, and i appreciated the whole\
ongoing skit type vibe that he put on the tracks. it really feels like\
you're following Logic and his friends as they go.

some people don't really care for this aspect of the albums,\
because it arguably lowers replayability, which i can see why.\
i like these kinds of things though.

and his most recent album, the long awaited *Ultra 85*,\
finally released just this August 2024.\
what were the results..?

in my opinion, this is a very welcome return to form of Logic\
to the sound that i enjoyed so much in *Under Pressure*.\
which is interesting, because like i said, he was getting a lot of flak\
for being a recycled rapper who just reused the same shit all the time.

he starts quite triumphantly on the first track,\
and the flow continues from there, reminding people why he earned\
his place in the rap game to begin with.

i enjoyed *Ultra 85*, and i'm glad to see it having turned out this way.

thanks for reading today's post.\
you should give the album a listen.