+++
title = "internalizing thought"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-09-28"
date = "2024-09-28"
description = "september 28th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++

disco elysium taught me about a new way to think.

this sounds stupid now that i'm writing it out,\
but it's more like disco elysium gave me a label\
with which to apply to a pattern of thinking that\
i'm sure i was already doing, but didn't have a name for.

in the game, you have thoughts based on your interactions\
and you can choose to "internalize" the more *complex*\
ones, like race theory, communism, or getting your shit together.

you sometimes have a bonus or debuff while internalizing,\
and then at the end you get a solution to the problem that\
the initial thought presented, along with other bonus stats.

so, yeah. that's it. you come across something interesting,\
or think something that you don't immediately have an answer to\
(usually pertaining to something introspective),\
and then after a bit of thinking about it, you reach an answer.

i still struggle with indecisiveness at my age,\
and finding definitive answers and settling on them\
is difficult. i try, but it's not the easiest thing.

this is an interesting way to look at problems\
that is.. not particularly profound or revolutionary,\
but just feels neat since it's just like the game.

like, we all do it. but i've never thought about\
the process behind figuring something out, really.

thanks for reading today's post.\
disco was so cool, man..