+++
title = "bathrobes"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-10-30"
date = "2024-10-30"
description = "october 30th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++

i've had a bathrobe for a couple years now.

and i must say, as we approach the colder\
north american mornings of winter, there is no\
fonder sight to see than the bathrobe.

the problem with getting out of the shower is,\
of course, the change in temperature from your\
presumably hot shower to the comparatively colder\
ambient temperature of the bathroom. 

in spring, summer, and fall to an extent,\
this is largely ignored by the marvels of\
modern air conditioning systems for the home.

however in the winter, ambient temperature is\
so difficult to combat without spending exorbitant\
amounts of money on heating that the transition from\
mid-shower to post-shower is discomforting, if not\
outright heretical (for the sake of maintaining good vibes).

enter the bathrobe. a wearable towel, practically.\
don it after you've toweled off the majority of\
moist particles from your body and enjoy the warmth\
it offers while going about the rest of your morning\
routine. why not just a normal towel wrapped around\
the waist? i find the torso and arms require\
sufficient heat otherwise it never *really* feels\
like i'm warming up.

so anyway, if you haven't already,\
i recommend trying a bathrobe out if you hate\
how cold it gets in the morning.

thanks for reading today's post.\
either that, or you can just be a man and tank it.