+++
title = "fantasia"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-11-12"
date = "2024-11-12"
description = "november 12th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
    "gaming",
]
+++

in FFXIV the MMO, a "fantasia" is a cash shop item\
that you can use to change the race and appearance\
of your character, which is otherwise impossible.

FFXIV players can become "fantasia addicts" who\
never truly settle on one race for their character,\
spending tens of dollars on fantasias, never really\
growing into an identity with their guy, and becoming\
pretty much a shell of a person (derogatory).

the most recent patch, 7.1 gave out a free Fantasia\
for everyone to claim until 7.2 comes out, which will\
probably be a in a few months. naturally, i took it\
since it's limited time and everyone has fomo.

i've never fantasia'd before as a male miqo'te,\
but growing tired of the miqo lean and the shitty\
proportions and claw hands that they have, i decided\
to fantasia to male viera, knowing that i have a backup\
free fantasia that i received a long time ago when i first\
started playing the game years back.

and i have to say.. i like the male viera life.\
it's nice having a more normal walk cycle,\
more normal and straightened posture, and just\
better overall proportions on the character.

on one hand, i remember thinking i would never fantasia\
because of the fear of becoming a fantasia addict.\
also, i felt a certain attachment to the character\
i had made those many years ago and that this was as much\
his journey as it was mine. but to be honest, i never really\
gave him lore or anything and i think it was just time for\
something new. so i've made my bed, and i will now lay in it.

this is all to say,\
20-something adults should definitely be thinking this much\
about their decisions in online video games.

thanks for reading today's post.\
yeah, i go home after work and play virtual dress up. so what.