+++
title = "what makes someone easy to listen to"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-12-03"
date = "2024-12-03"
description = "december 3rd 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++

you ever think about what makes someone easy to listen to?

i've been consuming more podcast content, and i'm now\
binging some episodes of This Past Weekend with Theo Von.\
Theo Von is a comedian who, for some reason unbeknownst to me,\
is quite popular and runs quite a popular podcast.

i've known of Theo Von from a Druski clip where he,\
in the context of the appropriateness of saying the n word,\
says "when I need to get it out, I just write it down."

Theo Von says a lot of dumb shit that's funny that bewilders me:\
how is he so easy to listen to? i'm actually enjoying listening\
to this guy talk to political figures like Bernie and Trump\
and i'm transfixed. 

i think maybe my brain has had enough of listening to people\
who are clearly smart, because Theo Von is very much not that.\
he either is kinda dumb or just acts dumb for the bit,\
and either way, it works brilliantly. he speaks with an utterly\
colloquial vernacular, and with a cadence and twang that just feels..\
funny on its own. it's great stuff.

sometimes i think about conducting myself socially in a way\
that makes it easier for people to respond. like setting up bits\
and doing gags so that people know how to respond so that they\
can feel comfortable in conversations where i'm involved.\
maybe Theo is just really good at doing stuff like that.

thanks for reading today's post.\
seriously, he's a funny guy.