+++
title = "sparkling water"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-12-08"
date = "2024-12-08"
description = "december 8th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
]
+++

are you into sparkling water?

honestly sparkling water is kind of a miss for me.\
when i was growing up, my mom taught my brother and i\
to practically never reach for soda in situations where\
beverages were offered. we were always water guys.

this worked to our benefit, largely. it even set up a nice\
failsafe system in that my tongue gets really easily\
overwhelmed by the carbonation in soda (it hurts).

but sparkling water is kind of this other thing:\
it's like, less carbonated than soda and typically uses\
less sugar/sweeteners? so you might think if you're looking\
for water that has a bit of a different flavor,\
then sparkling water would be the way to go.

now, i haven't tried a whole lot of sparkling water,\
but my general perception of it is that most brands largely\
taste like nothing and they're essentially scamming you on\
buying carbonated water. which, at that point, why not just\
drink water and feel more refreshed anyways?

but this is all to say, i recently picked up some "Chi Forest"\
sparkling water from my local Costco, and i'm surprised:\
i've found a sparkling water drink that i actually enjoy.\
even beyond the carbonation biting against my tongue,\
and the pressing taste of artificial sweeteners.

will this develop into a hopeless addiction?\
probably not, it's a huge pain in the ass to drive\
to Costco as someone who spends most of their waking hours\
on their computer. but i will be enjoying my case of\
Chi Forest while it lasts, and its flavors such as Peach, Orange, Grape, and Lychee.

thanks for reading today's post.\
i hear they work great as chasers, too.