+++
title = "listening to kpop"
type = "blog"
customDate = "2024-12-19"
date = "2024-12-19"
description = "december 19th 2024's post"
tags = [
    "thoughts",
    "music",
]
+++

are you a fan of kpop at all?

as an asian person, i felt an obligation\
culturally to learn about the phenomenon\
of kpop. after all, if i was into it, i would\
probably be cool. and being cool is a great\
primary motivator for someone like me.

i got into it at first with recommendations\
from a friend to try "Stray Kids". well,\
actually now that i think about it, "Stray Kids"\
were just his favorite group more of a rec.

Stray Kids have a loud and noisy sound in general\
compared to other kpop groups, i think. they're\
gritty and have a personality of not being afraid\
to sound a little "different" than everyone else,\
whether that's perceived as annoying or not.\
where this plays very strongly in my opinion is when\
they do calmer or quieter tracks. the gap moe is great.

i've tried other groups from JYP Entertainment,\
the parent company of SKZ, like Twice and DAY6.\
if you spend time researching kpop, you'll find\
many labels to refer to groups begin at what agency\
they're signed with (whether that's one of the "big three"\
or if they're independent). i've tried STAYC,\
NewJeans, and the ubiquitous NewJeans. i also like\
some Seventeen and some oldies from NCT DREAM.

honestly, it's a deep genre. there's a lot to digest\
and it can be fun to be into all the microinteractions\
of the culture that come with idols and their lives\
and how they approach making music. if you haven't\
given them a try, i recommend it. for a specific album,\
i'd recommend either Stray Kids' "Cle: LEVANTER" or\
any of NewJeans' stuff.

thanks for reading today's post.\
don't @ me.